arisu and usagi tried to find the beach
in the highly urbanized tokyo but to no
avail
arisu being the gentleman initially
refused to share the tent with yusuji
until he was surrounded by insects
eventually he had no choice but to join
usagi in the tent since sleep
deprivation will be a big danger to them
during the games
usagi taught aristo how to hunt which
arisa learned quickly since he can
relate it to the principles of an online
game that he likes
they also continue to monitor real-world
card games looking for clues about the
beach and aerosol hits on the idea of
looking out for people wearing locker
keys
like the ones that a gunny and his
compatriot were wearing during the game
of tag in the second episode
they both followed cars with people with
the locker keys and gave chase
somehow keeping pace with their cars on
foot and following them to a destination
that looks very much like a seaside
resort and they were knocked out and
taken prisoners
they were taken to a seaside resort
named the beach and its leader is named
hatter as he previously sold hats in
real life
it also introduces the goal of the beach
which is to collect
all the numbered playing cards and use
them to send one person back to the
normal world
while hatter knew that this was a lie to
unite everyone he was not far from the
truth as the joker at the end of season
two gave all remaining players who beat
the face cards in the games
a choice to go back to real life hence
the cards are the goal but it is to beat
the cards at the games and not to
collect the cards
hatter and his executive board would
like arisa and usagi to help collect the
missing cards
the beach is a self-sufficient community
with its own resources and rules
including a mandate on swimwear and a
zero-tolerance trader policy
if arisu and usagi do not want to help
they will be killed as traitors
with no other choice arisu and usagi
joined up and the seven of hearts card
that aerosol won was a missing
card that made him and yusuji eligible
for a promotion
the beach is a party hot spot where
everything is allowed and even
encouraged
when the games started everyone gathered
and cheered the members who will be
playing in the games on
a gunny from episode 2 is the leader of
the militant faction who controls the
beach's weapons and sits on hatter's
executive board
silverhair occupies a seat on that
along with a partnership with kuina a
woman who keeps an unlit cigarette in
her mouth as a quit smoking aid
we were shown montages of various games
taking place and how the members from
the beach cooperate to work together to
win the games
arisu joined n who is an executive
member for a game called light bulb with
the participants who stood in gradually
rising water
the objective is to determine which
switch a b
or c turns on a light bulb in an
adjoining room but you only get one
opportunity to test a switch with the
door open
arisu was able to figure out the right
solution using logical reasoning
anne is impressed with arisa and he
passed the test to join the executive
board
arisu returned to the beach when a gunny
ordered his men to take usagi away and
hatter himself was forced to intervene
during the executive meeting hatter
announced that he will be participating
in the next game
both to extend his visa and in the hope
of locating the elusive ten of hearts
we get an ominous zoom in on a gunny
when hatter said that he will be leaving
his executives in charge during his
absence
hatter explained his backstory to arisa
that he was the host at a gentleman's
club
he believed that everyone revered him
and will be happy to see him return to
the real-life world as a hero